Once a topic is being created in Kafka and the data has been placed in the topic,
we can start to build applications that actually make use of this data stream.
Applications that pull event data from one or more Kafka topics are known as consumers.
As with Kafka producers,
I will simply refer to Kafka consumers as consumers
throughout the rest of this lesson and throughout the rest of this course.
There are many different ways to consume data from Kafka.
But most applications will integrate a Kafka client library.
All major Kafka client libraries for Python, Java, Go,
and essentially any other programming language implement
both the producer and consumer interfaces to Kafka itself.
By default, Kafka consumers will only consume
data that was produced after first connected to Kafka.
This means that if you connect it to a topic now but 100 records were produced yesterday,
you would not receive these records produced yesterday by default.
I just want to emphasize that fact.
When you create a consumer and connect to a topic,
you will not receive historical data by default.
There are settings you can use to tell Kafka to actually
get all the historical data that it has available
and we'll review that in the coming sections.
Again, similar to both producers and Kafka topics,
there are a number of configuration options to consider.
We're going to cover that in the next lesson.